I watch them fight and die in the name of freedom.
They speak of liberty and justice, but for who.
Working on Assassin's Creed is basically the opportunity to work with, in my opinion, some of the best people.
In the industry. You have a certain expectation that you know you're going to get like a driven story.
You have a certain level of quality in the narrative that's going to be part of that content.
This is a really complicated game and every day there's new challenges.
It's such a big franchise. It's getting bigger and bigger every year.
The team that I work with, they've developed the new tree running, they work on the assassinations, the climbing, all the animals.
The challenges are to innovate within the brand, to innovate in the exciting time, which means the scope is bigger.
You know that around 10 million people is going to play your game. You really think that you are contributing to it.
The climb system we basically completely rewrote and we wanted the climb to be much more organic in Assassin's Creed 3
because you've got these new rock structures, you've got very organic types of level design.
The windmill is one of our perfect examples here where you see that corner or euro is able to climb on any type of object.
I look at the environments of the maps, I look at how the characters move, I look at the costumes of the characters.
You constantly feel challenged and everybody brings their egg in.
Every time you come to the office you feel that you are learning something.
Getting involved in a big project like AC3 is really enriching and teaching a lot of things that you normally will not learn in a normal scale project.
The main reason to join Ubisoft is a different option you get access to.
It's one of the leading independent publishers and developers in the world with 26 different studios throughout the world.
We're reaching out into the world trying to get as much talent as we get our hands on.
We want the best team we can possibly create.
Someone who is creative, who is technical, who is driven, passionate, everything, all bunched together in one.
It's a growing experience, you'll never be pigeonholed into one given thing. You just get on the website and you fly now.
